[Performance] Pre-mount new expense destinations behind confirmation RHP (#97874)
Expensify/App: .claude/skills/coding-standards/rules/perf-18-use-pre-mount-destination.md

### Hook API

> **Layout strategies (`narrowDestinationStrategy`, default `PRE_INSERT`):**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Layout strategies:**
```

- `PRE_INSERT` (narrow layout only): eagerly pre-mounts the destination behind the RHP after the open transition, at idle priority.

> - `REVEAL`: skips eager pre-mount; the destination is inserted and revealed together when `reveal()` runs. This is also the fallback used on wide layout always, and on narrow layout if pre-insert hasn't finished yet - correctness is identical either way, only the perf win differs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `REVEAL`: skips eager pre-mount; the destination is inserted and revealed together when `reveal()` runs. This fallback is used:
    - on wide layout always
    - on narrow layout if pre-insert hasn't finished yet
```

**Reveal methods:**

> - `reveal(afterTransition?)`: if the hook owns a pre-inserted narrow route, clears the pre-insert flag and dismisses the RHP over that route. Otherwise, inserts the destination under the RHP and then dismisses it (the `REVEAL`-strategy path above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reveal(afterTransition?)`: if the hook owns a pre-inserted route, clears the pre-insert flag and dismisses the RHP over that route. Otherwise, inserts the destination under the RHP then dismisses it.
```

- `cleanupPreMount()`: removes the owned pre-inserted destination before a back-out path closes the RHP without revealing the destination. Safe to call unconditionally - no-ops if this instance never pre-inserted anything.

**Other invariants:**

> - Only one component may own a pre-inserted route at a time. `reveal()` logs a warning if the global pre-insert flag is set by a different flow when it runs - a sign the previous owner didn't clean up.

Reviewer: If only one component may own a pre-inserted route, should we throw an error instead of log a warning?

> - A **report** destination pushes as a route between origin and RHP (`[origin, RHP] -> [origin, destination, RHP]`); a **tab** target (e.g. Search) is a tab switch instead (`[Tab(A), RHP] -> [Tab(B), RHP]`). Determined by the destination route, not caller-configured.

Reviewer: I have read this line a few times and it's not clear to me what it's saying.

### When NOT to use

> Pre-inserting is a real second screen mounted concurrently with the RHP - its own Onyx connections, effects, and any API calls it fires on mount all run whether or not the user ever reveals it. If they back out, `cleanupPreMount()` removes the route but not the work that mount already triggered. Weigh that cost, don't just check the preconditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-inserting is a real second screen mounted concurrently. Its effects run whether or not the user ever reveals it. If they back out, `cleanupPreMount()` removes the route but not the work that mount already triggered:
```

Reviewer: Side-note: once we land [<Activity> for hidden screens](https://github.com/Expensify/App/pull/98575), we could (and should) leverage it for pre-inserted routes.

Depending on the results of [this conversation in particular](https://github.com/Expensify/App/pull/98575#discussion_r3815980599), this might become untrue (effects don't run for `<Activity mode="hidden">`).

NAB / future concern, but something to be aware of.

- Destination is not known in advance
- There is no modal/RHP to dismiss
- The destination is already the screen behind the modal

> - The destination is heavy or rarely actually reached from this dismiss path (most users back out rather than submit) - pre-inserting on every open pays the concurrent-mount cost far more often than it pays off. Profile the actual dismiss-to-reveal ratio, not just transition speed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The destination is heavy or rarely actually reached from this dismiss path. In these cases, pre-inserting on every open pays the concurrent-mount cost more often than it pays off. Profile the actual dismiss-to-reveal ratio, not just transition speed
```

How would an AI reviewer be able to profile the actual dismiss-to-reveal ratio? It feels like the actual advice would be something like:

- Always introduce logs for dismisses and reveals first
- Query the production logs to measure the dismiss-to-reveal ratio in production

If we expect Claude to do that as part of a code review, we should say that. I'm not sure it's very practical without first:

- Creating standardized logging
- Creating a script he can use to deterministically answer the question
- Standardizing a dismiss:reveal ratio that makes pre-insertion "worth it"

If we don't do that, I suggest we remove these lines as inactionable noise.

> - The RHP is a fast, single-step flow with little dwell time - idle-priority pre-insert needs a real window to land before dismiss, or you pay the mount cost with none of the perf win

Reviewer: This isn't really true is it? If the RHP has little "dwell time", then starting pre-insertion in the background would still help to make the next destination available sooner. If there's so little "dwell time" that the idle-priority work doesn't even start, there's no cost to work that didn't start.

Regardless, how would Claude know if a screen is a "fast, single-step flow"? I suggest we remove it entirely.

```suggestion
```

- The transition is already fast enough on its own. Profile first, do not add complexity speculatively

> - Flow-specific dismiss strategies that do not use pre-insert/reveal already handle this correctly (e.g. `dismissModalWithReport`, a strategy in `submitDismissStrategies.ts`). Keep those helpers rather than replacing working code to use the "standard" hook

Reviewer: This feels like is odd/confusing advice. Why wouldn't we standardize over time?

> - The caller is reaching for `shouldPreservePreInsertedRouteOnUnmount` as a default way to sidestep cleanup ordering rather than because a genuinely different component finishes the dismiss - this option was pushed back on hard during the hook's original review ("it seems like this flag being set would defeat the purpose of the hook") and should be justified, not default

Reviewer: I don't think we need to expand on the pushback in the PR review. Just state the best practice, and why
